Dadelos has one prison called Catena. 
Dadelos is a city built very high to house large amounts of people. 
Dadelos uses the Relic of Talos, an old giant suit of bronze armor that guards the shores of the island. 
Dadelos has an Upper City where many Forgers and intellectuals live, and an Under City, where homunculi and unskilled workers live. 
The Under City of Dadelos is dirty, and has poor living conditions. 
The Upper City of Dadelos is luxurious and houses a diverse group of inventors. 
Dadelos’ government is called the Philos, and it is a council of eight intellectuals who all are remarkable inventors or statesmen. 
Dadelos has around ten million people, and twelve million homunculi. 
Dadelos has around three million Forgers because many people come to Dadelos to develop their Forging skills. 
Dadelos is an island nation located in the Western Sea. 
Dadelos only has two seasons, winter and summer. 
Dadelos gets incredibly hot during the summer. 
Dadelos’ largest reason for unskilled labor is to smelt bronze and other metals for building. 
Dadelos is the third wealthiest nation in Talis. 
Most people in Dadelos are not religious, and believe in the capabilities of man rather than gods. 
Dadelos has airships that fly around the nation to predict inclement weather 
Dadelos has no capital, because the nation is so small, and only has one large city. 
Schola is not a school exclusively for Forgery, and has a regular academy as well. 
Dadelos is considered the most intelligent nation. 
Dadelos has a navy, army, and airforce.
Dadelos uses homunculi as foot soldiers, guards, servants, and other subservient roles. 
Dadelos is attempting to outsource bronze smelting to homunculi as well to remove unskilled labor in the city. 
Dadelos has very few laws protecting homunculi. 
Dadelos’ Upper City has virtually no crime, whereas the Under City is incredibly dangerous to live in. 
The Upper City hosts roughly half of all residents in Dadelos, with the other half in the Under City. 
People in Dadelos wear light and flowing robes often made of linen
Dadelos gets its crude metals from Wei
Dadelos gets its oil from Kairos