Valterre is the largest region in Talis. 
The flag of Valterre is a gold phoenix, also known as a firebird, on a black background with a sword in its mouth. 
Valterre has many different species and ethnic groups because of how large it is. 
The humans of Valterre consider themselves the “first race” because they were blessed by Valynor, the principal goddess of the primary religion in Talis, Khanism. 
The humans of Valterre live in large, walled cities over various landscapes.
The capital of Valterre is Anowan.
Valterre is located directly above the Underworld, so it is much more spiritual than any other region in Talis. 
The spirits that reside in Valterre range from nature spirits to ghosts, demons, and more. 
The humans of Valterre do not like Dehjat, and outlaw any mention of it. 
Most beings in Valterre believe in Khanism. 
Valterre is divided into states that are all ruled by martial lords who all answer to the king. 
Valterre has large cities, but is still largely rural, with small villages scattered over the landscape.
Valterre has mountains, lakes, waterfalls, rainforests, and wetlands. 
Valterre’s main export is magical items. 
Valterre houses the largest military in Talis. 
Valterre’s military hires magic-users and is the only military to have special divisions for users of magic. 
The king of Valterre is always the descendant of the first ruler, Khan. 
Valterre allows for both male and female rulers. 
Valterre worships all gods of Khanism except for Antynias, but primarily Valynor. 
Valterre’s name is based off of Valynor, meaning “land of Valynor”.
Valterre has spring, summer, and winter. 
Valterre is the second-most-populated region in Talis.
Valterre’s capital city, Anowan, houses the most prestigious academy of magical-learning, the House of Khiosa.
Valterre is full of ancient ruins, and most can be explored by wandering travelers. 
Valterre carves every ruler’s face into the mountain in the center of the region, called Mount Shiso.
Shiso is the first ruler of the region of Valterre.
Shiso’s father, Khan, was the founder of Khanism, and the champion of Valynor. 
Valterre is connected to one ocean in the south. 
The South of Valterre relies on fishing, trading, shipping, and salt trade for the economy. 
The North of Valterre relies on masonry and ice for the economy.
The East of Valterre relies on trading and markets for the economy.